Utilize pn532_i2c from ESPHome dev (#60)
adonno/tagreader: README.md

### Connecting the components

![Photo of schematics](Schematics/tag_reader_schematics_v2.png)

There are not too many components to connect, but it does require soldering. You will need the following:

- [Solder](https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_dT3S62j)
- [Soldering iron with a fairly thin tip](https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_dXaI6nz)
- [About 40cm of thin wire (at least 5 different colors)](https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_dZvoYoB)

Also make sure that you have set the switches on the PN532 to the following:
- Switch 1: On (up)
- Switch 2: Off (down)

This enables the PN532 module to communicate with the D1 over I2C, and is required for the modules to work together!

To flash the reader firmware to your D1 Mini you point ESPHome at [tagreader.yaml](tagreader.yaml).  
> :warning: The tag reader requires the *dev* version of ESPHome until `1.16.0` is released with the `pn532_i2c` component.

~~If you're new to ESPHome, we recommend that you use the [ESPHome Home Assistant add-on](https://esphome.io/guides/getting_started_hassio.html).~~

> The dev version of ESPHome is availalble after you add the ESPHome addons repo (https://github.com/esphome/hassio) to the Home Assistant Supervisor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dev version of ESPHome is available after you add the ESPHome add-ons repository (https://github.com/esphome/hassio) to the Home Assistant Supervisor
```

Why cross out the previous sentence. Don't they point at the same repo?

Author: No, the documentation doesn't point to the `esphome/hassio` repo because ESPHome is in the community add-ons
